README.md, before:

<a name="readme-top"></a>

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📖 About the Project](#about-project)
  - [🛠 Built With](#built-with)
    - [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
  - [Key Features](#key-features)
- [💻 Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Setup](#setup)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Install](#install)
- [👥 Authors](#authors)
- [🔭 Future Features](#future-features)
- [🤝 Contributing](#contributing)
- [⭐️ Show your support](#support)
- [🙏 Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [📝 License](#license)


# 📖 [My Blog App] <a name="about-project"></a>

**[My Blog App]** The Blog app is a classic example of a blog website. It's a fully functional website that will show the list of posts and empower readers to interact with them by adding comments and liking posts.

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>

<details>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/">Ruby</a></li>
    <li><a href="https://rubyonrails.org/">Ruby on Rails</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>


### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>

- Data Model

## Getting Started

To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

### Prerequisites

> You need the following tools be installed in your computer:

> - [Git](https://www.linode.com/docs/guides/how-to-install-git-on-linux-mac-and-windows/)
> - [Ruby](https://github.com/microverseinc/curriculum-ruby/blob/main/simple-ruby/articles/ruby_installation_instructions.md)
> - [Ruby on Rails](https://rubyonrails.org/)
> - IDE
> - Etc

### Setup

Clone this repository to your desired folder:

```sh
  cd my-prefered-folder
  
  git clone https://github.com/clintonyounge/My-Blog-App.git

```

### Install

Install this project with:

```sh
  cd My-Blog-App
  
  bundle install
```

## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>

👤 **Clinton Younge**

- GitHub: [@ClintonYounge](https://github.com/ClintonYounge)
- Linkedin: [@clinton-younge](https://www.linkedin.com/in/clinton-younge-83386a25a/)
- Twitter: [@YoungeCjay](https://twitter.com/YoungeCjay)


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 🔭 Future Features <a name="future-features"></a>

- More features.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

If you like this project feel free to leave a star to show your support.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

I would like to give thanks to Microverse for providing an environment that makes me strive to grow as developers.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [License](./LICENSE) licensed.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

Commit message:

Update readme file with future features

README.md, after:

<a name="readme-top"></a>

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📖 About the Project](#about-project)
  - [🛠 Built With](#built-with)
    - [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
  - [Key Features](#key-features)
- [💻 Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Setup](#setup)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Install](#install)
- [👥 Authors](#authors)
- [🔭 Future Features](#future-features)
- [🤝 Contributing](#contributing)
- [⭐️ Show your support](#support)
- [🙏 Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [📝 License](#license)


# 📖 [My Blog App] <a name="about-project"></a>

**[My Blog App]** The Blog app is a classic example of a blog website. It's a fully functional website that will show the list of posts and empower readers to interact with them by adding comments and liking posts.

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>

<details>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/">Ruby</a></li>
    <li><a href="https://rubyonrails.org/">Ruby on Rails</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>


### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>

- Data Model

## Getting Started

To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

### Prerequisites

> You need the following tools be installed in your computer:

> - [Git](https://www.linode.com/docs/guides/how-to-install-git-on-linux-mac-and-windows/)
> - [Ruby](https://github.com/microverseinc/curriculum-ruby/blob/main/simple-ruby/articles/ruby_installation_instructions.md)
> - [Ruby on Rails](https://rubyonrails.org/)
> - IDE
> - Etc

### Setup

Clone this repository to your desired folder:

```sh
  cd my-prefered-folder
  
  git clone https://github.com/clintonyounge/My-Blog-App.git

```

### Install

Install this project with:

```sh
  cd My-Blog-App
  
  bundle install
```

## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>

👤 **Clinton Younge**

- GitHub: [@ClintonYounge](https://github.com/ClintonYounge)
- Linkedin: [@clinton-younge](https://www.linkedin.com/in/clinton-younge-83386a25a/)
- Twitter: [@YoungeCjay](https://twitter.com/YoungeCjay)


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 🔭 Future Features <a name="future-features"></a>

- Validations and Model specs.
- Processing data in models.
- Setup and controllers.
- Controllers specs.
- Views.
- Forms.
- Integration specs for Views and fixing n+1 problems.
- Add Devise.
- Add authorization rules.
- Add API endpoints.
- API documentation.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

If you like this project feel free to leave a star to show your support.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

I would like to give thanks to Microverse for providing an environment that makes me strive to grow as developers.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [License](./LICENSE) licensed.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>
